Add Webview tracking documentation for React Native (#17448)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/reactnative/webview_tracking.md

-   Scope the root cause of latency to web pages or native components in mobile applications
-   Support users that have difficulty loading web pages on mobile devices

RUM supports web views created using [react-native-webview][3].

## Setup

### Prerequisites

Set up the RUM Browser SDK on the web page you want rendered on your mobile React Native application. For more information, see [RUM Browser Monitoring][1].

Add `react-native-webview` to your application following the [official installation documentation][4].

### Instrument your web views

Import `WebView` from `@datadog/mobile-react-native` instead of `react-native-webview`:

```javascript
import { WebView } from '@datadog/mobile-react-native';
```

You can use all existing functionalities from `react-native-webview` as the `WebView` component from `@datadog/mobile-react-native` wraps the `react-native-webview` component.

Provide the list of hosts to be tracked by Datadog inside the web view by using the `allowedHosts` prop of your `WebView` component:

```javascript
<WebView
    source={{ uri: 'https://www.example.com' }}
    allowedHosts={['example.com']}
/>
```

## Access your web views

> Your web views appear in the [RUM Explorer][2] with associated `service` and `source` attributes. The `service` attribute indicates the web component the web view is generated from, and the `source` attribute denotes the mobile application’s platform, such as React Native.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your web views appear in the [RUM Explorer][2] with associated `service` and `source` attributes. The `service` attribute indicates the web component the web view is generated from, and the `source` attribute denotes the mobile application's platform, such as React Native.
```

Filter on your React Native applications, and click a session. A side panel with a list of events in the session appears.

{{< img src="real_user_monitoring/react_native/reactnative_webview_session.png" alt="webview session example" >}}

> Click **Open View waterfall** to navigate from the session to a resource waterfall visualization in the view’s **Performance** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click **Open View waterfall** to navigate from the session to a resource waterfall visualization in the view's **Performance** tab.
```
